but I really know that it's the cow that
is gone your attention so well but we
appreciate very much Maggie the cow for
being my milk check looked as ended 2530
years ago but the price of milk and
dairy products don't look the same as
they did 2530 years ago somebody would
have to explain to me where that money
is going now you see what Bernie Sanders
does here it's really a bit manipulative
and if you watch the whole video he made
unedited you'll realize Bernie Sanders
is not just a senator he's a filmmaker
or he's at least some kind of producer
or creative director in his filmmaking
process it says on screen here that the
problem is over supply that the
production of milk the supply of milk
vastly outpaces demand so if we made a
little flowchart here what will we
expect to be the logical conclusion of
this argument
Bernie's argument is step one prices are
too low why why is the price of milk too
low because there's too much production
which is also known as oversupply
therefore we're expecting what it's
repeatedly hinting is going to be his
his conclusion and his policy is that
the United States should radically
reduce production produce less milk
employ fewer farmers put out of work put
out of a job and maybe retrain for a new
job
all of these so-called family farmers
he's seeing all these good and
flattering things about but is that his
conclusion no plot twist let's see what
Bernie Sanders has to say
hashtag blame Canada margin protection
program acts like an insurance for far
and helps ease the pain when prices are
really low oh and look at that on screen
Vermont farmers have received six
million dollars in one year six million
dollars of taxpayers money you know if
this was from a libertarian candidate or
a right-wing candidate or something
you might think that was being presented
as a bad thing but it's really not clear
I mean in terms of the filmmakers art
what is the audience supposed to think
at this point okay in one year 2018 six
million dollars of taxpayers money going
into the pockets of these so-called
family farmers look man every every
farmer has a family I don't care if
you're a homosexual or transsexual
living in a you know open relationship
you got a family
Adolf Hitler had a family calling them
family farmers doesn't change a goddamn
thing either what you're doing it's
ethical or it's unethical either it's
ecologically responsible or it's
psychologically irresponsible either
food you're producing is healthy or not
I don't care if you're a family farmer
or if you're an orphan asexual with no
relatives it's the same thing and the
government is giving you six million
dollars whether or not you're raising
kids and can put up these stupid
hypocritical saccharine baby photos of
your child
visiting the dairy farm and seeing the
baby cows being ripped away from their
mothers so the mothers can be exploited
to produce milk while the children are
chopped up into little bits and pieces
called veal makes no difference to me if
we manage our supply of milled like
Canada does we could actually have a
situation where farmers do get paid a
fair price for their milk that covers
the cost of production it would really
help us to improve the working landscape
and also keep farmers in business so
there you go
just like Frank Herbert's dune Volume
one ends with a cliffhanger as that
unexpected plot twists know the position
of Bernie Sanders and his peculiar
version of semi socialism within a
capitalist economy is not to encourage
dairy farmers to go to bed
is not to plan for a transition from a
society based on billions of people
keeping hundreds of billions of animals
in permanent confinement under a steel
shed on a concrete floor in a metal cage
being artificially inseminated exploited
etcetera to produce food that is
unnecessary and unhealthy no no that's
not the transition he wants the
transition he wants is not to eliminate
the six million dollar per year subsidy
that was quoted nor the other millions
of dollars under other headings no no no
no no no no no no no no no no his
response to this is what he wants the
government to do is quote unquote keep
family farmers in business so from the
perspective of the farmer the attitude
is we make a product nobody wants to buy
and that's your problem they don't have
to change they don't have to produce
less of that product they don't have to
produce a better product they don't have
to innovate and produce a different
product no the government has to step up
the way the Government of Canada has
Canada shining bastion of dairy policy
Canada Canada whose so called price
support system is literally illegal
Canada who is drawn into court by the
government the United States of America
and by yes yes y'all New Zealand New
Zealand being a country that
aggressively defends its rights under
international trade treaties
international trade rules and trade laws
because they make a lot of money out of
exporting dairy and butter Canada whose
system is not only immoral and illegal
actually illegal the Canadian government
pays fines for this they have to pay
settlements to the other countries
because they're bringing those Canada
whose system also produces some of the
worst quality least desirable dairy
products in the world okay
do people in France import Canadian
cheese no people in Canada paid import
French cheese I'm
vegan I think it's an ethical either way
but face facts the Canadian government
regulated dairy sector is a failure
under every possible heading including
the use made of taxpayers money and
including the quality and desirability
the part and that that is what Bernie
Sanders wants to imitate and in the name
of helping these so-called family
farmers Bernie Sanders is stuck in the
19th century on this policy milk is not
only unethical and ecologically
irresponsible it is obsolete and this is
a damning example of how a man who has a
hammer goes around and sees every
problem as a nail the hammer in this
case is imitate Canada for health care
Bernie Sanders thanks Canada has the
solution frankly gun control he may not
be honest about I think pretty much the
whole left wing in the United States
looks at the problem with gun violence
and says hey Canada has the solution and
then it's really easy to get in that
lazy habit of mind and think oh dairy
farmers government regulation price
control supply mechanisms Canada has the
solution no we don't you know who has
the solution medieval China because
already 30,000 years ago they had soy
milk soy milk is the ancient past and
it's also the future
wake up Bernie you may think you're too
old to change but you're not dead yet
and I don't know how anyone can be so
dead inside that they uh nine eclis use
those images of a human family bringing
their toddler bringing their little baby
to look at the baby cows knowing knowing
what's going to happen to those baby
cows in the next 48 hours and knowing
what's going to happen to their mothers
and knowing why it's gonna happen and in
this case
there isn't even the justification of
the profit motive because the basic
thing you're admitting is that it's not
profitable and it's making a product the
public neither
needs nor wants
[Music]
evolution